resume.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Resume
published: true
---

&raquo; View my resume as a [PDF](http://bit.ly/annleeResume).

# Annlee Li
<a href="mailto:annlee.li@uwaterloo.ca">annlee.li@uwaterloo.ca</a> | 
[Github]({{ site.github.repo }})

## Work Experience
### Quality Analyst, PointClickCare, Mississauga, Ontario, May - Aug 2015	
- Developed automated testing scripts in Java with Selenium 
- Performed regression, functional, black box, sanity and usability testing
- Wrote test cases for regression testing on TestRail
- Worked in a Scrum team using JIRA

## Programming Experience | [View](/portfolio/#programs)
#### !Ping, but Pong, 2014
- Developed a Pong game in Java featuring collision detection and animations
- Created a menu system that is easily extensible 

#### Eat the Sweets, 2011
- Used Turing to develop the game engine and UI for a vertical-scrolling platform game similar to Doodle Jump
- Designed graphics using Photoshop

## Graphic Design Projects | [View](/portfolio/#graphics)
#### Will's Graham Crackers - Product Design, 2014
- Designed in Illustrator the packaging design for a fictional brand of crackers

#### Club T-Shirt, 2013
- Designed club t-shirt for high school’s Japanese Media Club using Illustrator (design was selected out of 10 other designs)

## Education
#### University of Waterloo, 2014 - 2019 (expected)
Candidate for Bachelor of Computer Science Degree

## Awards and Achivements
- University of Waterloo President's Scholarship, 2014
- 3rd Degree Black Belt in Taekwondo, 2012

## Leadership Positions
### Math Orientation Leader, University of Waterloo, Sept 2015	
- Lead and directed math and cross-faculty Orientation Week events
- Managed groups of up to 100 first-year students

### Marketing Executive Member of WWF Club, University of Waterloo, Jan - Apr 2015	
- Participated in marketing of Waterloo’s World Wildlife Foundation club
- Created promotional materials for the club 

## Skills
#### Languages
- Java
- C
- Racket (Scheme)
- HTML, CSS
- Markdown, LaTeX

#### Software
- Photoshop
- Illustrator
- Microsoft Word, Excel and PowerPoint

#### Operating Systems
- Windows XP/7/8/8.1
- OSX 
- Linux: ElementaryOS, Ubuntu

Commit message:

added linkedin link, added imagine communications

resume.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Resume
published: true
---

&raquo; View my resume as a [PDF](http://bit.ly/annleeResume).

# Annlee Li
<a href="mailto:annlee.li@uwaterloo.ca">annlee.li@uwaterloo.ca</a> | 
[Github]({{ site.github.repo }}) | [LinkedIn](https://ca.linkedin.com/in/annleeli)

## Work Experience
### Full Stack Web Developer, Imagine Communications, Waterloo, Ontario, Jan - May 2016
- Developed AngularJS based web applications written in TypeScript, HTML and LESS version controlled by Mercurial
- Optimized performance of data-heavy web pages 
- Implemented design decisions that were well received by National Association of Broadcasters (NAB) trade show attendees
- Wrote a mock data JSON generation script that was integral to the NAB demonstration

### Quality Analyst, PointClickCare, Mississauga, On, May - Aug 2015	
- Developed automated testing scripts in Java with Selenium 
- Performed regression, functional, black box, sanity and usability testing
- Wrote test cases for regression testing on TestRail
- Worked in a Scrum team using JIRA

## Programming Experience | [View](/portfolio/#programs)
#### !Ping, but Pong, 2014
- Developed a Pong game in Java featuring collision detection and animations
- Created a menu system that is easily extensible 

#### Eat the Sweets, 2011
- Used Turing to develop the game engine and UI for a vertical-scrolling platform game similar to Doodle Jump
- Designed graphics using Photoshop

## Graphic Design Projects | [View](/portfolio/#graphics)
#### Will's Graham Crackers - Product Design, 2014
- Designed in Illustrator the packaging design for a fictional brand of crackers

#### Club T-Shirt, 2013
- Designed club t-shirt for high school’s Japanese Media Club using Illustrator (design was selected out of 10 other designs)

## Education
#### University of Waterloo, 2014 - 2019 (expected)
Candidate for Bachelor of Computer Science Degree

## Awards and Achivements
- University of Waterloo President's Scholarship, 2014
- 3rd Degree Black Belt in Taekwondo, 2012

## Leadership Positions
### Math Orientation Leader, University of Waterloo, Sept 2015	
- Lead and directed math and cross-faculty Orientation Week events
- Managed groups of up to 100 first-year students

### Marketing Executive Member of WWF Club, University of Waterloo, Jan - Apr 2015	
- Participated in marketing of Waterloo’s World Wildlife Foundation club
- Created promotional materials for the club 

## Skills
#### Languages
- Java
- C
- Racket (Scheme)
- HTML, CSS
- Markdown, LaTeX

#### Software
- Photoshop
- Illustrator
- Microsoft Word, Excel and PowerPoint

#### Operating Systems
- Windows XP/7/8/8.1
- OSX 
- Linux: ElementaryOS, Ubuntu
